"Suguha's Room"
"I want to see
virtual reality for myself."
When was it that I first thought that?
At first, I saw virtual-reality games
only as hateful things
that took my brother away.
But I wanted to see the world my brother loved
with my own eyes, no matter what.
I wanted to know.
And I was surprised how enchanted
I became with ALfheim Online.
The joy of flying through the sky
with your own wings.
If I could keep flying as far
and as high as my heart desired,
I'd be willing to give up anything.
I think I understand now.
The reason my brother
was so captivated by this world.
The feelings I've hidden
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
Seeking only a miracle, I wander
through an endless darkness
If I stay here, I won't
ever see the future again
Tonight the moon summons me again.
Though I still cannot speak,
I keep crying out in my heart
My hidden feelings
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
If I can stay stronger a bit longer,
I will go beyond
this sky right in front of me
I will reach out towards
the future ahead of me
"To the World Tree"
Leafa!
I told you not to call me that
at school, Nagata.
S-Sorry, Suguha...
--Why you...
--I-I-I'm sorry! Miss Kirigaya!
Need something? And you got
early admission into high school,
so why are you at school?
You're not required to attend.
Sugu...
I needed to talk to you, Miss Kirigaya,
so I've been waiting since morning.
You got admitted early too.
The kendo club adviser asked me
to come in. So, what did you need?
Sigurd and the others will be
hunting again this afternoon.
Sorry, I won't be
joining them for a while.
--Why not?
--I'm heading to Arun.
Arun? At the base of the World Tree?
D-Don't tell me you're going
with that Spriggan from yesterday...
Yeah... I guess so.
I'm going to show him the way.
Wh-What are you thinking, Leaf--
Miss Kirigaya. You'll be going so far,
overnight, with a shady guy like that?
Don't get any weird ideas!
Anyway, that's how it is.
Give Sigurd and the others my regards.
Bye!
"Suguha's Room"
I'm just showing him the way.
That's all.
Link start!
"Sylvain, Sylph Territory
January 21, 2025"
Hey, you're early.
No, I just got here.
I was out shopping.
Oh, right. I need to get ready too...
This one probably won't be too reliable.
Yeah.
Then let's go to the weapons shop.
How much money do you have?
Um... Is this "Yuld" stuff money?
Yeah.
H-Hey. We're leaving, Yui.
Okay.
--Why are we going to the tower?
--When flying long distances,
you start from the top of the tower.
It gives you extra altitude.
I see.
You're kidding me!
Come on, let's get going. I want
to make it through the forest by night.
This way, this way!
Leafa!
Hello, Sigurd.
You're leaving the party, Leafa?
Yeah, I guess so.
Don't you think that will
inconvenience the other members?
You promised I could join only when I
had time and leave whenever I wanted.
But you're already
a well-known member of our party.
If you leave without a reason,
it will damage our reputation.
Your party members aren't items.
What was that?
You can't keep other players
equipped all the time,
as if they were
your armor or sword.
You...
Don't get cocky,
you bottom-feeding Spriggan!
You're probably an exiled renegade!
Don't be rude.
Kirito is my new partner!
What?
Leafa! Are you abandoning your territory
and becoming a renegade too?
Yes, I am.
I'm leaving this place.
I wasn't concerned
if you just buzzed around.
But acting like a thief is different.
If you're in another races' territory,
you can't complain
if you get killed, right?
This isn't the time, Sigurd.
If we kill someone who can't fight back
in front of all these people...
Once you're outside,
you'd better run and hide, Leafa.
If you betray me now,
you'll surely regret it before long.
Sorry for involving you in that.
It's fine... But are you sure about this?
Abandoning your territory...
H-Hey...
This is an amazing view.
The sky's so close.
Like my hand can touch it.
Isn't it? Whenever I see this sky,
it makes everything else feel small.
This was a good opportunity.
I always meant to leave this place.
I see. But it feels like I made
you leave on bad terms.
Either way, I couldn't have left
on amicable terms.
Hey, what's a renegade?
Players who abandon their territories
are renegades. They're looked down on.
--Are you sure about this?
--Yeah. It's not a problem...
But why do they want to tie
each other down like that?
When we all have wings...
Humans are complex.
I can't understand
the mentality that causes
the desire to seek others
to be expressed so oddly.
Seek others?
If it were me...
I'd do this. It's simple
and unmistakable.
Th-That's an amazing AI.
Are all private pixies like that?
She's weirder than most...
O-Oh, I see.
The desire to seek others...
Leafa!
--Oh, Recon.
--I don't believe you!
Say something before you leave!
Sorry, I forgot.
Leafa, is it true you quit the party?
It was halfway on the spur of the moment.
What are you gonna do?
Do you even need to ask?
My sword belongs to you alone!
I don't really need it, though.
W-Well, that's how it is. So I'll
be going with you, of course.
Or at least I'd like to.
But something's bothering me.
What?
I can't prove anything yet,
but I want to investigate a bit,
so I'm going to stay in
Sigurd's party a little longer.
Kirito.
She has a habit of diving
into trouble, so be careful.
Y-Yeah, got it.
And just so we're clear, she's my--
I think we'll be in the neutral zone awhile.
Send a message if you need anything.
Ow...
You said he's a friend from real life?
More or less.
What was up with that?
Nothing, I just think it's nice.
I can understand his feelings.
He likes you, doesn't he, Leafa?
How do you feel about him?
I-I don't know!
Come on, hurry up! We're making it
to that lake in a single flight!
Right!
"World Tree
January 21, 2025"
My, my...
You're such a stubborn woman.
It's just a fake body. I'm not
going to hurt you in any way.
Don't you want
to enjoy yourself a little?
You wouldn't understand.
It doesn't matter whether
your body is real or virtual.
Not to me anyway.
You're trying to say
it'll taint your mind?
I think it'd be wise to learn
to enjoy yourself while you can.
I won't be here forever.
I'm sure... he'll come save me.
Who will?
Your boyfriend maybe?
The hero Kirito.
Isn't his real name Kirigaya?
I met him the other day,
on the other side.
I really couldn't believe that weak
little boy was the hero who beat SAO.
Where do you think I met him?
Your hospital room!
As you slept, I told him
I'd be marrying you next week,
and the look on his face...
it was priceless.
I felt like bursting into laughter.
I'll bet you anything.
That brat won't have the guts
to put on a NerveGear again!
That's right. I have to send him
a wedding invitation.
I'm sure he'll come see you
in your wedding dress.
Well, I have to at least offer
our hero some crumbs like that.
All right, I'll see you soon, Titania.
It'll be lonely, but you'll have to endure.
Kirito...
Kirito is alive!
8... 11... 3... 2... 9.
"Neutral Territory, Ancient Forest
January 21, 2025"
Good work.
Thanks for the backup.
Our wings won't last
much longer. Let's land for a bit.
Okay.
--Tired?
--Nope, not yet.
You hung in there.
I'd like to say that, but our trip
through the sky is over for now.
Why?
You see that mountain, right?
It's above the altitude limit, so you
have to go through caves to pass it.
I've heard it's the toughest leg
between Sylph territory and Arun.
I've never been past here.
I see... Caves, huh? Is it long?
Fairly. I hear there's a neutral mining
town midway where we can rest...
Kirito, do you still have time today?
It's 7:00 PM in the real world, huh?
I'm okay for a while.
Okay... Then we can keep going
for a while. We can rotate out here.
R-Rotate?
Logging out and resting
while others keep watch.
You can't log out instantly here.
So you log out in turn while who's
left guards your empty avatar.
I see... Got it.
You can go first.
Okay, don't mind if I do.
See you in about 20 minutes.
Big Brother? What should
we do for dinner?
Is he asleep?
"For Big Brother"
I'm excited.
Kirito...
It's not that I'm in love or anything.
Or that I'm glad to adventure with someone.
I'm just looking forward
to journeying to a new world.
I'm back. See any monsters?
--Welcome back. It was quiet.
--What's that?
I bought some at
an item shop before we left.
An NPC said
it was Sylvain's specialty.
I've never heard of them.
Okay, it's my turn now.
Keep me safe.
Okay, bye.
Y-You can move
without your master here?
Of course I can!
I'm my own person.
And he's not my master.
He's my daddy.
Come to think of it, why do
you call Kirito your daddy?
Did he, um, set it that way?
He saved me.
He said I was his daughter.
So he's my daddy.
I-I see...
Do you like him?
Leafa, what does it mean
to like someone?
What does it mean?
You want to be with them all the time.
You get excited when you're together.
Something like that?
--What's wrong, Leafa?
--N-Nothing!
What's nothing?
I'm back.
Did something happen?
Welcome back, Daddy. I was just
talking with Leafa. About what--
I said it's nothing!
Th-That was fast.
Did you get to eat?
Yeah, my family left me something.
I see... Then let's get going.
Y-Yeah. Let's go then.
--Is something wrong?
--Well...
It felt like someone was watching us.
Yui, are any players nearby?
No, I don't detect anything.
There might be a tracer on us.
What's that?
Tracking magic.
A small animal or insect
tells the caster the target's position.
--Can't you get rid of it?
--You can if you find the tracer.
But if the caster's magic skill
is high, it can be farther away.
It'd be futile to search in this field.
I see. Well, it could just be my imagination.
Anyway, let's get going.
Yeah.
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
These endless feelings were
swallowed up into my daily life
Swaying as they
change shape yet again
Is it too late now? I ask
myself but receive no answer
It's all up to me now,
both the ending and the beginning
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
I'm going to spread my wings
and head towards that gentle light
Carrying the passion
I've lit in my heart
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
Next Time: "The Legrue Corridor."